[DJM Databricks] Redirect users compute on shared policy to manual install (#28222)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/data_jobs/databricks.md

Datadog can install and manage a global init script in the Databricks workspace. The Datadog Agent is installed on all clusters in the workspace, when they start.

<div class="alert alert-warning">

> This setup does not support Databricks Clusters on Shared Policy. If you are using Shared Clusters, you must follow the <a href="?tab=manuallyinstallonaspecificcluster#install-the-datadog-agent">Manually install on a specific cluster</a> instructions instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This setup does not work on Databricks Clusters in `Standard (formerly Shared)` access mode because global init scripts cannot be installed on those clusters. If you are using clusters with the `Standard (formerly Shared)` access mode, you must follow the <a href="?tab=manuallyinstallonaspecificcluster#install-the-datadog-agent">Manually install on a specific cluster</a> instructions for installation on those specific clusters.
```

> This setup does not work on Databricks Clusters in <code>Standard (formerly Shared)</code> access mode because global init scripts cannot be installed on those clusters. If you are using clusters with the <code>Standard (formerly Shared)</code> access mode, you must follow the <a href="?tab=manuallyinstallonaspecificcluster#install-the-datadog-agent">Manually install on a specific cluster</a> instructions for installation on those specific clusters.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This setup does not work on Databricks Clusters in <code>Standard (formerly Shared)</code> access mode, because global init scripts cannot be installed on those clusters. If you are using clusters with the <code>Standard (formerly Shared)</code> access mode, you must follow the <a href="?tab=manuallyinstallonaspecificcluster#install-the-datadog-agent">Manually install on a specific cluster</a> instructions for installation on those specific clusters.
```

{{% tab "Manually install a global init script" %}}

<div class="alert alert-warning">

> This setup does not support Databricks Clusters on Shared Policy. If you are using Shared Clusters, you must follow the <a href="?tab=manuallyinstallonaspecificcluster#install-the-datadog-agent">Manually install on a specific cluster</a> instructions instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This setup does not work on Databricks Clusters in `Standard (formerly Shared)` access mode because global init scripts cannot be installed on those clusters. If you are using clusters with the `Standard (formerly Shared)` access mode, you must follow the <a href="?tab=manuallyinstallonaspecificcluster#install-the-datadog-agent">Manually install on a specific cluster</a> instructions for installation on those specific clusters.
```

> This setup does not work on Databricks Clusters in <code>Standard (formerly Shared)</code> access mode because global init scripts cannot be installed on those clusters. If you are using clusters with the <code>Standard (formerly Shared)</code> access mode, you must follow the <a href="?tab=manuallyinstallonaspecificcluster#install-the-datadog-agent">Manually install on a specific cluster</a> instructions for installation on those specific clusters.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This setup does not work on Databricks Clusters in <code>Standard (formerly Shared)</code> access mode, because global init scripts cannot be installed on those clusters. If you are using clusters with the <code>Standard (formerly Shared)</code> access mode, you must follow the <a href="?tab=manuallyinstallonaspecificcluster#install-the-datadog-agent">Manually install on a specific cluster</a> instructions for installation on those specific clusters.
```
